ImageViewer sample, map API key instructions (#2937)
JetBrains/compose-multiplatform: experimental/examples/imageviewer/README.md

### Running Android application

- Get a [Google Maps API key](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android-sdk/get-api-key)

> - Create a file in the root directory named `local.properties` with a single line that looks like
>   this, replacing YOUR_KEY: `MAPS_API_KEY=YOUR_KEY`
> - Add to local.properties: `sdk.dir=YOUR_SDK_PATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add to `local.properties` file located in the root directory (create if it doesn't exist):
  - `MAPS_API_KEY=YOUR_KEY` where `YOUR_KEY` is your key from previous step;
  - `sdk.dir=YOUR_SDK_PATH` where `YOUR_SDK_PATH` is a path to Android SDK in your system.
```

> - Open project in IntelliJ IDEA or Android Studio and run Android configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open project in IntelliJ IDEA or Android Studio and run `androidApp` configuration.
```
